{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red56\green185\blue199;\red86\green32\blue244;
\red20\green153\blue2;\red202\green51\blue35;\red170\green171\blue37;\red57\green192\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c25546\c77007\c82023;\cssrgb\c41681\c25958\c96648;
\cssrgb\c0\c65000\c0;\cssrgb\c83899\c28663\c18026;\cssrgb\c72331\c71682\c18599;\cssrgb\c25706\c77963\c19557;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 Last login: Mon Jan 31 04:04:25 on console\
aa503847@aa503847noAir ~ % docker start docker-python\
docker-python\
aa503847@aa503847noAir ~ % docker exec -it docker-python /bin/bash\
root@094ccf6213af:/# ls\

\f1\b \cf3 bin
\f0\b0 \cf2    
\f1\b \cf4 dev
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf4 home
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf3 lib32
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf3 libx32
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf4 mnt
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf4 proc
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf4 run
\f0\b0 \cf2    
\f1\b \cf4 srv
\f0\b0 \cf2   \cb5 tmp\cb1   
\f1\b \cf4 var
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 boot
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf4 etc
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf3 lib
\f0\b0 \cf2    
\f1\b \cf3 lib64
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf4 media
\f0\b0 \cf2    
\f1\b \cf4 opt
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf4 root
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf3 sbin
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf4 sys
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf4 usr
\f0\b0 \cf2   
\f1\b \cf4 workspace
\f0\b0 \cf2 \
root@094ccf6213af:/# cd workspace\
root@094ccf6213af:/workspace# git init\
Reinitialized existing Git repository in /workspace/.git/\
root@094ccf6213af:/workspace# git add .\
root@094ccf6213af:/workspace# git commit -m "first commit"\
On branch main\
nothing to commit, working tree clean\
root@094ccf6213af:/workspace# git push origin main\
Remote-Containers CLI: RPC pipe not configured. Message: \{"command":"fill","stdin":"protocol=https\\nhost=github.com\\n"\}\
Remote-Containers CLI: RPC pipe not configured. Message: \{"command":"fill","stdin":"protocol=https\\nhost=github.com\\n"\}\
Username for 'https://github.com': meowsa00\
Password for 'https://meowsa00@github.com': \
Remote-Containers CLI: RPC pipe not configured. Message: \{"command":"approve","stdin":"protocol=https\\nhost=github.com\\nusername=meowsa00\\npassword=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\\n"\}\
Remote-Containers CLI: RPC pipe not configured. Message: \{"command":"approve","stdin":"protocol=https\\nhost=github.com\\nusername=meowsa00\\npassword=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\\n"\}\
To https://github.com/meowsa00/workspace_m.git\
 \cf6 ! [rejected]       \cf2  main -> main (fetch first)\
\cf6 error: failed to push some refs to 'https://github.com/meowsa00/workspace_m.git'\cf2 \
\cf7 hint: Updates were rejected because the remote contains work that you do\cf2 \
\cf7 hint: not have locally. This is usually caused by another repository pushing\cf2 \
\cf7 hint: to the same ref. You may want to first integrate the remote changes\cf2 \
\cf7 hint: (e.g., 'git pull ...') before pushing again.\cf2 \
\cf7 hint: See the 'Note about fast-forwards' in 'git push --help' for details.\cf2 \
root@094ccf6213af:/workspace# git branch\
* \cf8 main\cf2 \
root@094ccf6213af:/workspace# git init\
Reinitialized existing Git repository in /workspace/.git/\
root@094ccf6213af:/workspace# git add .\
root@094ccf6213af:/workspace# git commit -M main\
error: unknown switch `M'\
usage: git commit [<options>] [--] <pathspec>...\
\
    -q, --quiet           suppress summary after successful commit\
    -v, --verbose         show diff in commit message template\
\
Commit message options\
    -F, --file <file>     read message from file\
    --author <author>     override author for commit\
    --date <date>         override date for commit\
    -m, --message <message>\
                          commit message\
    -c, --reedit-message <commit>\
                          reuse and edit message from specified commit\
    -C, --reuse-message <commit>\
                          reuse message from specified commit\
    --fixup <commit>      use autosquash formatted message to fixup specified commit\
    --squash <commit>     use autosquash formatted message to squash specified commit\
    --reset-author        the commit is authored by me now (used with -C/-c/--amend)\
    -s, --signoff         add Signed-off-by:\
    -t, --template <file>\
                          use specified template file\
    -e, --edit            force edit of commit\
    --cleanup <mode>      how to strip spaces and #comments from message\
    --status              include status in commit message template\
    -S, --gpg-sign[=<key-id>]\
                          GPG sign commit\
\
Commit contents options\
    -a, --all             commit all changed files\
    -i, --include         add specified files to index for commit\
    --interactive         interactively add files\
    -p, --patch           interactively add changes\
    -o, --only            commit only specified files\
    -n, --no-verify       bypass pre-commit and commit-msg hooks\
    --dry-run             show what would be committed\
    --short               show status concisely\
    --branch              show branch information\
    --ahead-behind        compute full ahead/behind values\
    --porcelain           machine-readable output\
    --long                show status in long format (default)\
    -z, --null            terminate entries with NUL\
    --amend               amend previous commit\
    --no-post-rewrite     bypass post-rewrite hook\
    -u, --untracked-files[=<mode>]\
                          show untracked files, optional modes: all, normal, no. (Default: all)\
    --pathspec-from-file <file>\
                          read pathspec from file\
    --pathspec-file-nul   with --pathspec-from-file, pathspec elements are separated with NUL character\
\
root@094ccf6213af:/workspace# git remote add origin https://github.com/meowsa00/workspace_m.git\
fatal: remote origin already exists.\
root@094ccf6213af:/workspace# git push origin main\
Remote-Containers CLI: RPC pipe not configured. Message: \{"command":"fill","stdin":"protocol=https\\nhost=github.com\\n"\}\
Remote-Containers CLI: RPC pipe not configured. Message: \{"command":"fill","stdin":"protocol=https\\nhost=github.com\\n"\}\
Username for 'https://github.com': meowsa00\
Password for 'https://meowsa00@github.com': \
Remote-Containers CLI: RPC pipe not configured. Message: \{"command":"approve","stdin":"protocol=https\\nhost=github.com\\nusername=meowsa00\\npassword=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\\n"\}\
Remote-Containers CLI: RPC pipe not configured. Message: \{"command":"approve","stdin":"protocol=https\\nhost=github.com\\nusername=meowsa00\\npassword=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\\n"\}\
To https://github.com/meowsa00/workspace_m.git\
 \cf6 ! [rejected]       \cf2  main -> main (fetch first)\
\cf6 error: failed to push some refs to 'https://github.com/meowsa00/workspace_m.git'\cf2 \
\cf7 hint: Updates were rejected because the remote contains work that you do\cf2 \
\cf7 hint: not have locally. This is usually caused by another repository pushing\cf2 \
\cf7 hint: to the same ref. You may want to first integrate the remote changes\cf2 \
\cf7 hint: (e.g., 'git pull ...') before pushing again.\cf2 \
\cf7 hint: See the 'Note about fast-forwards' in 'git push --help' for details.\cf2 \
root@094ccf6213af:/workspace# }